we began our investigation by setting up
video and audio to cover the active
areas where activity had been reported
baseline readings were taken including
temperature humidity and EMF we also
placed some trigger objects in the
active areas such as a laser grid and a
sound to light sensor here are the
messages and images that the team
reported sensing during our
investigation we do not use this as
evidence but in our experience our
clients find this information to be very
interesting
our investigation began near the railway
tearooms
and it was here that a former
maintenance man called George was sensed
George appeared to be walking a dog and
seemed to be from a time before pleasure
at Hills had been built next we moved
into the go-cart track where the image
of a shootout involving two Cowboys were
sensed one of the men was described as
having ginger hair and a moustache the
other had dark hair and a moustache and
was described as wearing of red and
white neckerchief and a leather
waistcoat with a sheriff's badge on the
images portrayed an accident involving
one of the guns misfiring and hurting
the sheriff's hand interestingly we are
aware of reports that a similar image
has been seen by others who have visited
the park showgirls at a fake fire was
also sensed in this area we continued on
to the infamous Hobbs pit is here that
during the construction of the ride
workmen reported hearing strange noises
and experiencing unexplainable phenomena
to this day both visitors and staff
still report the feeling of being
watched on our investigation of Hobbs
pits it's all man with a bald head who
was wearing a dark suit was sensed
however despite her attempts to
communicate with him he seemed to back
away
after investigating Hobbs pit we moved
on to the train carriages near Porky's
pantry it was here that a young man in
his 20s was sensed he was described as
having spiked hair and was carrying a
ghetto blaster on his shoulder he seemed
to be following us around while looking
for his friends and it seemed as though
he didn't know that he had died we
concluded our investigation in the
theatre and it was felt that the land
had been a crop and pig farm many years
before the theme park had been built the
name John little was given as the owner
of the farm and he was described as
being in his 40s and having a mullet
style haircut young boy from the
victorian period called william was also
sensed distort he was around six years
old and had a basin type haircut it was
thought that william had died young and
that his mother had been quite cruel and
strict also sensed in the theater was a
man dressed as a lady he was described
as being quite jovial and was wearing
glasses on the tip of his nose and a
brightly colored dress and hat he also
had a mole on his cheek that looked as
though it being drawn on his believed
that this man had possibly died due to a
heart attack
here is a drawing that our psychic
artist in the group has drawn of the
spirit other images sensed end and
around the theater area were of a lady
seamstress and her niece Chloe and a
young girl watching a show too involved
a witch
the strongest spirit we encountered
during our investigation was of a man
who used to drive the train at the rear
of the railway tearooms the man is
described as wearing a blue cap jeans
and green jumper he had bushy hair and
was thought to have been between the age
of 55 and 60 the man gave the impression
that he loved to wave at the children as
he drove by on the train and loved every
second of his job we later discovered
that one of the claims from a former
employee of the park so they would often
see a male apparition wearing a blue hat
walking the tracks in the early hours of
the morning here is a drawing that our
psychic artists in the group has drawn
of the spirit we had an interesting
investigation with lots of images from
different spirits however most of them
seem to be residual or images of
significant past events unfortunately it
was a relatively quiet night in terms of
interaction when we collected no visual
or audio evidence on our investigation
at this time we will attempt to check
the history of the location on the local
area to match some of the names given
during our investigation if any of the
staff or members of the public witness
any other strange and unexplainable
activity around the park please don't
hesitate to contact us we will be
continuing to log any paranormal claims
that occur at the park and hope it will
allow us to pinpoint more active areas
for us to cover should we ever conduct a
repeat investigation we would like to
thank pleasure wood Hills for allowing
us to investigate the park and
especially to bend for his hospitality
on the evening of the investigation
you